Added ability to copy message ID with `Shift + Right Click` (#3481)
Chatterino/chatterino2: CHANGELOG.md

- Minor: Mod list, VIP list, and Users joined/parted messages are now searchable. (#3426)
- Minor: Add search to emote popup. (#3404)
- Minor: Messages can now be highlighted by subscriber or founder badges. (#3445)

> - Minor: Added new context menu for getting a message's id when SHIFT + Right Click (#3481)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Minor: Added new context menu for getting a message's ID when SHIFT + Right Click (#3481)
```

- Minor: Add search to emote popup. (#3404)
- Minor: Messages can now be highlighted by subscriber or founder badges. (#3445)
- Minor: Add workaround for multipart emoji as described in [the RFC](https://mm2pl.github.io/emoji_rfc.pdf). (#3469)

> - Minor: Added ability to copy message ID by `Shift + Right Click`. (#3481)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Minor: Added ability to copy message ID with `Shift + Right Click`. (#3481)
```
`with` vs `by pressing...`

> - Minor: Added new context menu for getting a message's ID when SHIFT + Right Click (#3481)

Reviewer 3: I think this is much simpler to an end user.
```suggestion
- Minor: Added ability to copy message ID by `Shift + Right Click`. (#3481)
```
